In 1932, this Sims Street was the Hearn Highway.
No, wait a minute. Yes. No? Hearn Highway went up on
Washington. This was Table Road. And it was
gravel. And this place here where this house is
sitting in, it was a cotton field. They raised
cotton and corn here. And when I bought this land
here, it was still rose, oh, say, four or five
inches high yet. That's straight in the mile
because the rose was standing here. And the wire
fence rolled up the wire and cleaned up, cleaned up
the bar ditch. There's lots of work here. Do you
know who owned this land? Yes. Well, I bought it. I
don't know who owned it then at the time of when they
when the field was in progress. But I bought it from
this
real estate broker. He was a lawyer. He's dead now.
Well, I can't think of his name right now. But he was
a lawyer. And his partner, who was a part-time
owner of the lumber company in that other end of
town and i bought that from them and later on i
bought that other lot i had uh work uh this land here
the way that uh build it up but it was kind of low you
know and then later on they they blocked up that
street it didn't stay uh too long trucks broke the
like Ash Falls and all that. Then, about six, seven
years ago, they put that concrete on there because
that made it real fine. But the city limits, when I
came here in Briner, was 10,000 in the city. And the
city limit was there at the corner of Sims and 15th
Street. That was the city limits then. Well, back
in In 19, let me see, it was,
I don't know, maybe 39, 40 city limits were up to the
railroad track. Now the city limits are kind of
close to Benchley.
And it has grown considerably because between
here and college, It was a partner with Woods
there. Well, it was one or two houses, maybe three.
And it rebuilt the streets, College Avenue. It was
this Texas. Texas Avenue used to be College
Avenue. And it run through college. That was
Highway 61 through Houston. And then this other,
now that where it cuts off and College Avenue going
to that Highway 6 now, it wasn't only a small street
there. I remember we had a little trail there to go
through there, a short cut. But we had College
Avenue come around like that and make it in here.
And then they straightened up like that and went
on. But the year I left here in 1934,
Went to Houston. And in those years, that's when
all this happened. Then I hit Huntsville, and I
went to work for Chevrolet in Huntsville. And,
well, I used to come here every now and then, see my
father and my mother. I'd come at nighttime and go
back at night. So I wasn't aware of what was going
on. But then when I moved to Bryan and back with my
family in 42,
Well, then I noticed that Brian has grown quite a
lot. And they built this Brian Field, and there's a
lot going on. And since then, it has grown so much
that I'll have to, sometimes I get called to go
start a car somewhere. I'll have to find it in the
mail before I go. It's getting where, well, I know
Brian pretty good, but now and then, I'll have to. I
have to look in the map to find the places and where
they are and all that.